## Vision Statement ##

_"The vision statement, also known as a project charter, should include an elevator summary of the project, a business case for the project (including a short analysis of the competition, market space, or similar commercial off the shelf software), a description of the project stakeholders, a list of the major features of the completed project, and a list of the major risks of the project."_


---


### **Summary** ###

FiRE (File Renaming Engine) is a multi-platform utility for the organization-conscious computer user. FiRE's easy-to-use yet powerful user interface will allow anyone to quickly and easily rename many files at once, without the hassle of clicking and typing over and over. Given a simple pattern, a click of a button will rename all of the files that it applies to. The pattern could be a word, a combination of metadata (for music and other media), or even a regular expression. Users can easily save their patterns as "Renaming Rules" for later use.

### **Business Case** ###

The market for file renamers seems to be largely focused on Windows users. Our program will be developed on the Eclipse RCP platform, making it easily portable between Windows, Apple, and Linux flavors; this removes any possible Operating System-related limitation on our product.

With many of our originally proposed features already available on many existing renamer programs, we must strive to match and even exceed these features. With a limited time frame of only two months for development, we may need to pick and choose which features we implement for our end-of-the-semester release; we should implement the most desirable features, as well as try to find any unique features that no (or few) other programs offer.

The value of free (as in beer) software is always highly appreciated by the average user. With the wide variety of free programs out there, there would be no reason for anyone to pay money simply to see if our program works. For this reason, FiRE will remain free to download. Revenue will be generated by ads on the FiRE website. Our commitment to creating a quality product will inspire customer loyalty, creating word of mouth advertisement to increase our user base. The ability to download an executable for nearly any operating system will draw in Linux and Mac users that would have little else to turn to.

### Stakeholders ###

Our development team will be expending a lot of effort to ensure the quality of FiRE. To see it fail would mean hundreds of man-hours gone to waste. Our (hypothetical) client is paying top dollar for a speedy development for the program, and would not want to see that money go down the drain.


### **Competition** ###

Currently, there exists several file renaming alternatives. However, those that are free are generally single platform, or have a very short features list. There do exists several paid alternatives as well, but they should not be considered competition in our free market.

  * [CKRename](http://www.softpedia.com/get/System/File-Management/CKRename.shtml) - A free program that offers basic renaming options
  * ["File Renamer"](http://www.filerenamer.net/file-rename-purchase.html) - A liscenced (for $15-20 per user) program with a lot of nice user-friendly options. May not support regular expressions.
  * [Sherrod's Renamer](http://www.sherrodcomputers.com/products_filerenamer.cfm) - The version of this program that can undo and log rename events costs $19.99.
  * [An existing file renamer](http://www.bulkrenameutility.co.uk/Main_Intro.php) - A windows-only, well-featured file renamer. Supports metadata from music _and_ pictures.
  * ["Ken's Rename"](http://myprogramspace.blogspot.com/2008/07/krename-multi-file-rename-tool-v0.html) - Has a multitude of features: Given our two month timespan we hope to match as many as we can. Potential future development would have us surpass it.

### Risks ###

  * Failure to rise to the level of our competition
  * Proposed features going unimplemented or being unimplementable
  * Google cloud failure-unable to retrieve code
  * Eclipse RCP unable to export to different platforms
  * Disgruntled users from unintentional file alteration
  * Malicious use of FiRE

### **Features** ###
See the [Features](Features.md) page for a list of available features.