#summary The Elaboration Assignment's Description.

=Elaboration=

===[DomainModel Domain Model Diagram]===

Create a diagram that identifies conceptual classes, associations, and attributes within your project domain. The diagram must use proper UML notation for a domain model diagram. 

===[SuppSpec Supplemental Specificatio]n===

Include a complete set of requirements for your project. Use the FURPS+ model to find any and all requirements for your project. The functional requirement list must include requirements drawn out of the use cases. All requirements must be numbered and have an assigned priority using a ranking system such as MoSCoW. 

===[SSD System Sequence Diagrams (SSD)]===

Diagrams for the most important (or most complex) use cases in the project. Proper identification and naming of system events, as well as correct UML notation is required. Include at least two diagrams to get credit for this portion of the deliverable. 

===[DeploymentDiagram Deployment Diagram]===

Provide a diagram that is representative of the hardware and software platform used to deploy your solution. Please include descriptions of all required hardware and software and justification for your choices. Proper UML notation is required. 

===[UseCases Use Cases (80% complete)]===

80% of all known use cases must be written out in detail using the fully dressed format, as discussed in class. Update the complete list of use cases. Use the same guidelines as for Inception, elaborating on the use cases already provided and fully dressing the others.

===[WBS Work Breakdown Structure (WBS)]===

A detailed list of the tasks associated with your project based upon the vision, scope, and use cases. The list of tasks should be as granular as possible so that the team can see clearly everything that needs to be accomplished in order to complete the project.

===[Schedule Updated Project Schedule]===

An updated schedule that includes all tasks found in the WBS with specific duration and start & completion dates for each task.  Make sure to include all milestones as well as phase and iteration dates.