#summary Glossary of Terms

==Glossary==

_A comprehensive list of the domain terms used within your project. Include informative, clear definitions of each term._

  * *_FiRE_: * (*Fi*)le (*R*)enaming (*E*)ngine. The name of our product.
  * *_Renaming Rule:_* The combination of a "Match" and "Replace" pair that defines how to rename any file. A single renaming rule may be applied to many files, and may not always affect each file.
  * *_Rename Event:_* The act of applying a Renaming Rule to a collection of files.
  * *_Match Field:_* The field that represents a textual pattern that matches a portion of a file's name. For example, if the Match Field contained the text ".jpg", it would match files like "picture.jpg", "something-else.jpg.old", but not "picture.gif".
  *  *_Replace Field:_* The field that represents a textual pattern to replace a "Matched" portion of a file name with. For example, if the Match Field contained ".jpg" and the Replace Field contained ".JPG", the new name for "picture.jpg" would be "picture.JPG".
  *  *_Alpha Build:_* One of four build releases concentrating mainly on core functionality of the software.  The final (4th) Alpha build is polished and demonstrated in the first product review.
  *  *_Beta Build:_* One of the three build releases concentrating on adding additional functionality to the software.  The first Beta build is released after the first product review.  The final beta build is used for the second product review, it will be polished and will be the intitial commercial release of the FiRE product.