#summary Project Schedule

==Project Schedule==

_A detailed schedule of the phases and iterations of your project. You must include iterations and dates for the development of each use case or feature, as well as estimates of the time required to complete each item on the schedule. The schedule must show the specific dates each phase and iteration ends. Also include preliminary details and timing of the tasks included in completing your project._

The project schedule is set up in 2 phases.

The first phase is the alpha phase, the core functionality of the project.
Alpha phase will concentrate on 3 weekly builds, with expectations listed below for each build.

=Alpha Builds=
==Alpha 1==
===Wednesday October 20===
  * Renaming files based off of string segment inputs, replacing with a new string segment. 
  * Renaming files based off of regular expressions (useful to truncate gibberish at the end of a file name)
  *
==Alpha 2==
===Wednesday October 27===
  * Features to be filled in for inception delivery
==Alpha 3==
===Wednesday November 3===
  * Features to be filled in for inception delivery
==Final Alpha Release(Alpha 4)==
===Wednesday November 10===
  * Ideally there should not be any features planned for the final alpha release
  * Time should instead be spent on finalizing the functionality for the first product review

=1st Product Review=
The Alpha 3 build will be stabilized and cleaned up as much as possible in the week after its launch.  When the stabilization and polishing are completed, it will be designated the final alpha release and will be the product we demonstrate at the first Product Review(November 10th).

=Beta Builds=
The Beta Build Session will begin with a discussion of the 1st Product review.  Any concerns or ideas that were suggested during this review will be discussed and we will place these into the alpha build schedule.  Also at this meeting we will brainstorm any more ideas that we have come up internally for extended features on the project.
==Beta 1==
===Wednesday November 17===
  * These features will be addressed at the post-review meeting.
==Beta 2==
===Wednesday November 24===
  * These features will be addressed at the post-review meeting..
==Beta 3==
===Wednesday December 1===
  * The final beta release is our final product, ideally the goals for this release are only a polishing of the features added during the alpha cycle.

=Final Product Review=
The Beta 2 build will be cleaned up and demonstrated on December 1.  Any issues addressed in this product review will be recorded, and possibly dealt with in the remaining week if possible.

=Final Presentation=
After the final product review, the Beta 3 release will be finalized and present as our final product in the presentations at the end of the semester.


===Software Development Priorities===

  # Create initial UI for music tag renamer
  # ...
  # Metadata Reader is Functional
  # Metadata Rename Support Implemented
  # Metadata Database API usage